Loading from Excel file, please wait...
.
Excel file loaded.
harvestcraft:meatystewitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolPot	listAllmeatraw	foodFlour	foodStock					
harvestcraft:spicygreensitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolSaucepan	foodMustard	cropBroccoli	foodBlackpepper	cropGarlic	foodOliveoil	cropOnion		
harvestcraft:spicygreensitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolSaucepan	foodMustard	cropLettuce	foodBlackpepper	cropGarlic	foodOliveoil	cropOnion		
harvestcraft:spicygreensitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolSaucepan	foodMustard	cropPeas	foodBlackpepper	cropGarlic	foodOliveoil	cropOnion		
harvestcraft:veggiestripsitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolBakeware	listAllveggie	listAllveggie	listAllveggie	foodSalt	listAllspice			
harvestcraft:zeppoleitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolPot	foodOliveoil	foodDough	foodGroundcinnamon					
harvestcraft:babaganoushitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolBakeware	cropEggplant	cropGarlic	cropLemon	foodOliveoil	cropSpiceleaf			
harvestcraft:bakedturnipsitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolBakeware	cropTurnip	foodButter	dustSalt	foodBlackpepper				
harvestcraft:bakedturnipsitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolBakeware	cropTurnip	foodButter	foodSalt	foodBlackpepper				
harvestcraft:bakedturnipsitem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolBakeware	cropTurnip	foodButter	itemSalt	foodBlackpepper				
harvestcraft:banananutbreaditem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolBakeware	cropBanana	foodFlour	cropWalnut	listAllmilk	dustSalt			
harvestcraft:banananutbreaditem	forge:ore_shapeless	5.0	undef	undef	toolBakeware	cropBanana	foodFlour	cropWalnut	listAllmilk	foodSalt			
There are 3018 ore dictionary categories.
ore:logWood contains 45 synonyms
ore:plankWood contains 39 synonyms
ore:slabWood contains 34 synonyms
ore:stairWood contains 49 synonyms
ore:fenceWood contains 38 synonyms
ore:fenceGateWood contains 35 synonyms
ore:doorWood contains 8 synonyms
ore:stickWood contains 4 synonyms
ore:treeSapling contains 93 synonyms
ore:treeLeaves contains 56 synonyms
ore:vine contains 8 synonyms
ore:oreGold contains 28 synonyms
ore:oreIron contains 28 synonyms
ore:oreLapis contains 25 synonyms
ore:oreDiamond contains 26 synonyms
ore:oreRedstone contains 25 synonyms
ore:oreEmerald contains 25 synonyms
ore:oreQuartz contains 5 synonyms
ore:oreCoal contains 25 synonyms
ore:ingotIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotBrick contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotBrickNether contains 5 synonyms
ore:nuggetGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetIron contains 2 synonyms
ore:gemDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:gemEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:gemQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:gemPrismarine contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustPrismarine contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustRedstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustGlowstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:gemLapis contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockLapis contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockRedstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockCoal contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropWheat contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPotato contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCarrot contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropNetherWart contains 1 synonyms
ore:sugarcane contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockCactus contains 2 synonyms
ore:dye contains 2 synonyms
ore:paper contains 1 synonyms
ore:slimeball contains 6 synonyms
ore:enderpearl contains 1 synonyms
ore:bone contains 1 synonyms
ore:gunpowder contains 1 synonyms
ore:string contains 1 synonyms
ore:netherStar contains 1 synonyms
ore:leather contains 1 synonyms
ore:feather contains 1 synonyms
ore:egg contains 1 synonyms
ore:record contains 13 synonyms
ore:dirt contains 3 synonyms
ore:grass contains 2 synonyms
ore:stone contains 25 synonyms
ore:cobblestone contains 17 synonyms
ore:gravel contains 26 synonyms
ore:sand contains 26 synonyms
ore:sandstone contains 3 synonyms
ore:netherrack contains 6 synonyms
ore:obsidian contains 2 synonyms
ore:glowstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:endstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:torch contains 2 synonyms
ore:workbench contains 3 synonyms
ore:blockSlime contains 3 synonyms
ore:blockPrismarine contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockPrismarineBrick contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockPrismarineDark contains 2 synonyms
ore:stoneGranite contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneGranitePolished contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneDiorite contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneDioritePolished contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneAndesite contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneAndesitePolished contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassColorless contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockGlass contains 7 synonyms
ore:paneGlassColorless contains 1 synonyms
ore:paneGlass contains 3 synonyms
ore:wool contains 1 synonyms
ore:chest contains 5 synonyms
ore:chestWood contains 4 synonyms
ore:chestEnder contains 1 synonyms
ore:chestTrapped contains 2 synonyms
ore:dyeBlack contains 6 synonyms
ore:woolBlack contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassBlack contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassBlack contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeRed contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolRed contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassRed contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassRed contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeGreen contains 4 synonyms
ore:woolGreen contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassGreen contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassGreen contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeBrown contains 4 synonyms
ore:woolBrown contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassBrown contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassBrown contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeBlue contains 6 synonyms
ore:woolBlue contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassBlue contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassBlue contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyePurple contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolPurple contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassPurple contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassPurple contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeCyan contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolCyan contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassCyan contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassCyan contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeLightGray contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolLightGray contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassLightGray contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassLightGray contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeGray contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolGray contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassGray contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassGray contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyePink contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolPink contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassPink contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassPink contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeLime contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolLime contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassLime contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassLime contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeYellow contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolYellow contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassYellow contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassYellow contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeLightBlue contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolLightBlue contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassLightBlue contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassLightBlue contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeMagenta contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolMagenta contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassMagenta contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassMagenta contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeOrange contains 3 synonyms
ore:woolOrange contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassOrange contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassOrange contains 1 synonyms
ore:dyeWhite contains 5 synonyms
ore:woolWhite contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassWhite contains 2 synonyms
ore:paneGlassWhite contains 1 synonyms
ore:tallow contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialStoneTool contains 6 synonyms
ore:mushroomAny contains 4 synonyms
ore:buttonWood contains 6 synonyms
ore:gemEnderBiotite contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneBasalt contains 5 synonyms
ore:stoneMarble contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneLimestone contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneBrimstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:stonePermafrost contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockPrismarineElder contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:bars contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:door contains 43 synonyms
ore:nuggetDiamond contains 3 synonyms
ore:nuggetCoal contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockCharcoal contains 4 synonyms
ore:nuggetCharcoal contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetEmerald contains 3 synonyms
ore:nuggetQuartz contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotRedstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreAntimony contains 25 synonyms
ore:ingotAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreBismuth contains 25 synonyms
ore:ingotBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreCopper contains 77 synonyms
ore:ingotCopper contains 4 synonyms
ore:blockCopper contains 3 synonyms
ore:nuggetCopper contains 4 synonyms
ore:oreLead contains 51 synonyms
ore:ingotLead contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockLead contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetLead contains 3 synonyms
ore:oreNickel contains 51 synonyms
ore:ingotNickel contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockNickel contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetNickel contains 3 synonyms
ore:oreSilver contains 51 synonyms
ore:ingotSilver contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockSilver contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetSilver contains 3 synonyms
ore:oreTin contains 77 synonyms
ore:ingotTin contains 4 synonyms
ore:blockTin contains 3 synonyms
ore:nuggetTin contains 4 synonyms
ore:oreZinc contains 26 synonyms
ore:ingotZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotBronze contains 3 synonyms
ore:blockBronze contains 3 synonyms
ore:nuggetBronze contains 3 synonyms
ore:ingotElectrum contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockElectrum contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetElectrum contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotSteel contains 5 synonyms
ore:blockSteel contains 4 synonyms
ore:nuggetSteel contains 3 synonyms
ore:oreAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:orePlatinum contains 51 synonyms
ore:ingotPlatinum contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockPlatinum contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetPlatinum contains 3 synonyms
ore:oreStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotMithril contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockMithril contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetMithril contains 2 synonyms
ore:oreMercury contains 25 synonyms
ore:ingotMercury contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetMercury contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreLithium contains 25 synonyms
ore:ingotLithium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockLithium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetLithium contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreNiter contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockNiter contains 1 synonyms
ore:orePhosphorus contains 25 synonyms
ore:blockPhosphorus contains 1 synonyms
ore:orePotash contains 25 synonyms
ore:blockPotash contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreSalt contains 26 synonyms
ore:blockSalt contains 2 synonyms
ore:oreSaltpeter contains 27 synonyms
ore:blockSaltpeter contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreSulfur contains 25 synonyms
ore:blockSulfur contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotSilicon contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockSilicon contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetSilicon contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreAluminum contains 51 synonyms
ore:ingotAluminum contains 3 synonyms
ore:blockAluminum contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetAluminum contains 3 synonyms
ore:oreChromium contains 25 synonyms
ore:ingotChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreOsmium contains 51 synonyms
ore:ingotOsmium contains 3 synonyms
ore:blockOsmium contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetOsmium contains 3 synonyms
ore:oreTantalum contains 25 synonyms
ore:ingotTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreTungsten contains 26 synonyms
ore:ingotTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreIridium contains 50 synonyms
ore:ingotIridium contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockIridium contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetIridium contains 2 synonyms
ore:oreTitanium contains 26 synonyms
ore:ingotTitanium contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ballMud contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockMeatRaw contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockMud contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMushroompowder contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFilledhoneycomb contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBowlofrice contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPeach contains 2 synonyms
ore:cropPersimmon contains 2 synonyms
ore:cropPear contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllfruit contains 53 synonyms
ore:gemAmethyst contains 2 synonyms
ore:oreAmethyst contains 2 synonyms
ore:gemRuby contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreRuby contains 25 synonyms
ore:gemPeridot contains 1 synonyms
ore:orePeridot contains 25 synonyms
ore:gemTopaz contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreTopaz contains 25 synonyms
ore:gemTanzanite contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreTanzanite contains 25 synonyms
ore:gemMalachite contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreMalachite contains 25 synonyms
ore:gemSapphire contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreSapphire contains 25 synonyms
ore:gemAmber contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreAmber contains 25 synonyms
ore:flowerClover contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerSwampflower contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerDeathbloom contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerGlowflower contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerBlueHydrangea contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerOrangeCosmos contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerPinkDaffodil contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerWildflower contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerViolet contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerWhiteAnemone contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerEnderlotus contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerBromeliad contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerWiltedLily contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerPinkHibiscus contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerLilyOfTheValley contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerBurningBlossom contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerLavender contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerGoldenrod contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerBluebells contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerMinersDelight contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerIcyIris contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerRose contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantShortgrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantMediumgrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantBush contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantSprout contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantPoisonivy contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantBerrybush contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantShrub contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantWheatgrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantDampgrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantKoru contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantCloverpatch contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantLeafpile contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantDeadleafpile contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantDeadgrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantDesertgrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantDesertsprouts contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantDunegrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantSpectralfern contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantThorn contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantWildrice contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantCattail contains 2 synonyms
ore:plantRivercane contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantTinycactus contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantDevilweed contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantReed contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantRoot contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantRafflesia contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantBarley contains 1 synonyms
ore:plantFlax contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolWhite contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolOrange contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolMagenta contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolLightBlue contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolYellow contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolLime contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolPink contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolGray contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolLightGray contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolCyan contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolPurple contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolBlue contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolBrown contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolGreen contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolRed contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWoolBlack contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlowstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockWool contains 1 synonyms
ore:coal contains 1 synonyms
ore:charcoal contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustBlaze contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodBlaze contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropBeetroot contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropMelon contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPumpkin contains 2 synonyms
ore:seedBeetroot contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedMelon contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedPumpkin contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedWheat contains 1 synonyms
ore:cofh:potion contains 1 synonyms
ore:backpack contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreMithril contains 25 synonyms
ore:oreClathrateOilSand contains 3 synonyms
ore:oreClathrateOilShale contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreClathrateRedstone contains 25 synonyms
ore:oreClathrateGlowstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreClathrateEnder contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockInvar contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockConstantan contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockSignalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockLumium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockEnderium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockFuelCoke contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGlassHardened contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockRockwool contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinGold contains 2 synonyms
ore:coinCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinSilver contains 2 synonyms
ore:coinLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinInvar contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinConstantan contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinSignalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinLumium contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinEnderium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustIron contains 4 synonyms
ore:dustGold contains 5 synonyms
ore:gearWood contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearStone contains 3 synonyms
ore:gearIron contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearGold contains 3 synonyms
ore:gearDiamond contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearEmerald contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateIron contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateGold contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustCopper contains 4 synonyms
ore:dustTin contains 4 synonyms
ore:dustSilver contains 5 synonyms
ore:dustLead contains 4 synonyms
ore:dustAluminum contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustNickel contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustPlatinum contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustIridium contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustMithril contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustSteel contains 4 synonyms
ore:dustElectrum contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustInvar contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustBronze contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustConstantan contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSignalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustLumium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustEnderium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotInvar contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotConstantan contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotSignalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotLumium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotEnderium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetInvar contains 2 synonyms
ore:nuggetConstantan contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetSignalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetLumium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetEnderium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearCopper contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearTin contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearSilver contains 3 synonyms
ore:gearLead contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearAluminum contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearNickel contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearPlatinum contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearIridium contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearMithril contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearSteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearElectrum contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearInvar contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearBronze contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearConstantan contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearSignalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearLumium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearEnderium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateCopper contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateTin contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateSilver contains 3 synonyms
ore:plateLead contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateAluminum contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateNickel contains 2 synonyms
ore:platePlatinum contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateIridium contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateMithril contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateSteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateElectrum contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateInvar contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateBronze contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateConstantan contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateSignalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateLumium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateEnderium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustCoal contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustCharcoal contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustObsidian contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustSulfur contains 5 synonyms
ore:dustWood contains 2 synonyms
ore:fuelCoke contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalSlag contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalSlagRich contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalCinnabar contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalCrudeOil contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalRedstone contains 2 synonyms
ore:crystalGlowstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalEnder contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustPyrotheum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustCryotheum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAerotheum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustPetrotheum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustMana contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodBlizz contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustBlizz contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodBlitz contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustBlitz contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodBasalz contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustBasalz contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSaltpeter contains 3 synonyms
ore:itemSawdust contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemBiomass contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemBioblend contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemBiomassRich contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemBioblendRich contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemSlag contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemSlagRich contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemCinnabar contains 1 synonyms
ore:clathrateOil contains 1 synonyms
ore:clathrateRedstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:clathrateGlowstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:clathrateEnder contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropApple contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAlumite contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotAlumite contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAlumite contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotRefinedObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotRefinedGlowstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetOsgloglas contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotOsgloglas contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockOsgloglas contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetOsmiridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotOsmiridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockOsmiridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:fish contains 1 synonyms
ore:boneWithered contains 4 synonyms
ore:listAllmeatcooked contains 61 synonyms
ore:prismarine contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockMossy contains 2 synonyms
ore:trapdoorWood contains 7 synonyms
ore:slimeballGreen contains 1 synonyms
ore:slimeballBlue contains 1 synonyms
ore:slimeballPurple contains 1 synonyms
ore:slimeballBlood contains 1 synonyms
ore:slimeballMagma contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetCobalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotCobalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockCobalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetArdite contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotArdite contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockArdite contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetManyullyn contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotManyullyn contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockManyullyn contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetKnightslime contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotKnightslime contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockKnightslime contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetPigiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotPigiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockPigiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAlubrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotAlubrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockAlubrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockMetal contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotBrickSeared contains 1 synonyms
ore:slimecrystal contains 3 synonyms
ore:slimecrystalGreen contains 1 synonyms
ore:slimecrystalBlue contains 1 synonyms
ore:slimecrystalMagma contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreCobalt contains 3 synonyms
ore:oreArdite contains 3 synonyms
ore:partPickHead contains 1 synonyms
ore:partBinding contains 1 synonyms
ore:partToolRod contains 1 synonyms
ore:pattern contains 1 synonyms
ore:cast contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockSeared contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockSlimeCongealed contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockSlimeDirt contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockSlimeGrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodStone contains 4 synonyms
ore:slabPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:slabBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAquarium contains 2 synonyms
ore:stickMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyMercury contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyLapis contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyMithril contains 2 synonyms
ore:stickCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickSteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustZinc contains 2 synonyms
ore:rodSilver contains 2 synonyms
ore:crystalAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyCoal contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:slabNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyCharcoal contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustPewter contains 2 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:gear contains 39 synonyms
ore:rodSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rod contains 38 synonyms
ore:dustTinyPewter contains 2 synonyms
ore:crushedColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAquarium contains 2 synonyms
ore:shieldMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinySilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickStone contains 2 synonyms
ore:gearAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyElectrum contains 2 synonyms
ore:shardPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyBronze contains 2 synonyms
ore:crushedStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalZinc contains 2 synonyms
ore:arrowStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyRedstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickIron contains 2 synonyms
ore:stickBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodGold contains 2 synonyms
ore:shieldElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinySteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:casingAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDensePlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustMercury contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDiamond contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:platePewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonPewter contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateStarsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonAntimony contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAquarium contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverBronze contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsPlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorElectrum contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorEmerald contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallMithril contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorColdiron contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsQuartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorBismuth contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverAdamantine contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialSalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSalt contains 5 synonyms
ore:dustSalt contains 5 synonyms
ore:itemSalt contains 4 synonyms
ore:lumpSalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:universalCable contains 1 synonyms
ore:battery contains 1 synonyms
ore:pulpWood contains 1 synonyms
ore:alloyBasic contains 1 synonyms
ore:alloyAdvanced contains 1 synonyms
ore:alloyElite contains 1 synonyms
ore:alloyUltimate contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustLithium contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustRefinedObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetRefinedObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetRefinedGlowstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockRefinedObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockRefinedGlowstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalIron contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalGold contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustOsmium contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalCopper contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalTin contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustDirtySilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:circuitBasic contains 1 synonyms
ore:circuitAdvanced contains 1 synonyms
ore:circuitElite contains 1 synonyms
ore:circuitUltimate contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemCompressedCarbon contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemCompressedRedstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemCompressedDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemCompressedObsidian contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemEnrichedAlloy contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemBioFuel contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTungsten contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateDenseTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAluminumbrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:stickThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTitanium contains 3 synonyms
ore:crushedIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustNichrome contains 2 synonyms
ore:crystalChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:clumpAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyGalvanizedsteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:rodAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAluminumbrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:crystalTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustStainlesssteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustTinyChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustGalvanizedsteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:plateDenseChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDirtyTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyNichrome contains 2 synonyms
ore:clumpIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shieldTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickAluminum contains 2 synonyms
ore:shardThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyTitanium contains 2 synonyms
ore:arrowTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyStainlesssteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:slabThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:slabAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:arrowIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:casingGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDenseAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedPurifiedIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:shardTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorIridium contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallStainlesssteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallThorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverTantalum contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:buttonTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsAluminumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsAluminum contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallChromium contains 1 synonyms
ore:stairsGalvanizedsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:leverOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:wallTitanium contains 1 synonyms
ore:bowlWood contains 5 synonyms
ore:cropBarley contains 2 synonyms
ore:cropCotton contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodFlour contains 3 synonyms
ore:listAllgrain contains 9 synonyms
ore:foodEqualswheat contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSulphur contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropRaspberry contains 2 synonyms
ore:cropBlueberry contains 2 synonyms
ore:cropBlackberry contains 2 synonyms
ore:cropMaloberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedBarley contains 2 synonyms
ore:seedCotton contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllseed contains 99 synonyms
ore:bookshelf contains 4 synonyms
ore:cropBlightberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropDuskberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropSkyberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropStingberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:taintedSoil contains 1 synonyms
ore:glassSoul contains 1 synonyms
ore:glass contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropVine contains 1 synonyms
ore:crafterWood contains 2 synonyms
ore:craftingTableWood contains 3 synonyms
ore:dustLunar contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustEnder contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotLunar contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotEnder contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreLunar contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreEnder contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotAbyssalnite contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotLiquifiedCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gemCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreAbyssalnite contains 2 synonyms
ore:oreCoralium contains 2 synonyms
ore:oreDreadedAbyssalnite contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreCoraliumStone contains 1 synonyms
ore:gemShadow contains 1 synonyms
ore:liquidCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialCoraliumPearl contains 1 synonyms
ore:liquidAntimatter contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAbyssalnite contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockLiquifiedCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockDreadium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotCoraliumBrick contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotDreadium contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialMethane contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalSulfur contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalCarbon contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalOxygen contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalHydrogen contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalNitrogen contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalPhosphorus contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalPotassium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalNitrate contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalMethane contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalAbyssalnite contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalDreadium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalBlaze contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalSilicon contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalMagnesium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalSilica contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalAlumina contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalMagnesia contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFriedEgg contains 1 synonyms
ore:orePearlescentCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreLiquifiedCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotEthaxiumBrick contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotEthaxium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockEthaxium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAbyssalnite contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetLiquifiedCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetDreadium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetEthaxium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardSulfur contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardCarbon contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardOxygen contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardHydrogen contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardNitrogen contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardPhosphorus contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardPotassium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardNitrate contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardMethane contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardRedstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardAbyssalnite contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardDreadium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardBlaze contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardSilicon contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardMagnesium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardSilica contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardAlumina contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardMagnesia contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalShardZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentSulfur contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentCarbon contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentOxygen contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentHydrogen contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentNitrogen contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentPhosphorus contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentPotassium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentNitrate contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentMethane contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentRedstone contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentAbyssalnite contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentDreadium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentBlaze contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentSilicon contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentMagnesium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentSilica contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentAlumina contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentMagnesia contains 1 synonyms
ore:crystalFragmentZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAbyssalnite contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustLiquifiedCoralium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDreadium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustPotash contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustPhosphorus contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinySilicon contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustTinySalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSilicon contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustTinyPotash contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinySaltpeter contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyNiter contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyPhosphorus contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustNiter contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinySulfur contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyLithium contains 1 synonyms
ore:can contains 1 synonyms
ore:stickGraphite contains 1 synonyms
ore:graphite contains 1 synonyms
ore:rubber contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDough contains 2 synonyms
ore:toolCuttingboard contains 2 synonyms
ore:bucketMilk contains 6 synonyms
ore:oreOil contains 1 synonyms
ore:canOil contains 1 synonyms
ore:canCrudeOil contains 1 synonyms
ore:canFuel contains 1 synonyms
ore:tar contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreBlackDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockBlackDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:gemBlackDiamond contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockFungus contains 6 synonyms
ore:oreRandomite contains 1 synonyms
ore:toolPot contains 1 synonyms
ore:toolSkillet contains 1 synonyms
ore:toolSaucepan contains 1 synonyms
ore:toolBakeware contains 1 synonyms
ore:toolMortarandpestle contains 2 synonyms
ore:toolMixingbowl contains 1 synonyms
ore:toolJuicer contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinGarlic contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialCloth contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCandle contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCandleberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCandleberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialPressedwax contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoneydrop contains 1 synonyms
ore:dropHoney contains 2 synonyms
ore:flowerRed contains 1 synonyms
ore:flowerYellow contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockTorch contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllmeatraw contains 50 synonyms
ore:listAlltofu contains 8 synonyms
ore:listAllchickenraw contains 7 synonyms
ore:listAllegg contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllchickencooked contains 9 synonyms
ore:listAllporkraw contains 8 synonyms
ore:listAllporkcooked contains 11 synonyms
ore:listAllbeefraw contains 7 synonyms
ore:listAllbeefcooked contains 10 synonyms
ore:listAllmuttonraw contains 7 synonyms
ore:listAllmuttoncooked contains 10 synonyms
ore:listAllturkeyraw contains 3 synonyms
ore:listAllturkeycooked contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllrabbitraw contains 3 synonyms
ore:listAllrabbitcooked contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllvenisonraw contains 3 synonyms
ore:listAllvenisoncooked contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllduckraw contains 3 synonyms
ore:listAllduckcooked contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllfishraw contains 24 synonyms
ore:listAllfishcooked contains 6 synonyms
ore:listAllheavycream contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllicecream contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllmilk contains 3 synonyms
ore:listAllwater contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAlljuice contains 25 synonyms
ore:listAllveggie contains 49 synonyms
ore:flourEqualswheat contains 2 synonyms
ore:bread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBread contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropBeet contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllfishfresh contains 22 synonyms
ore:salmonRaw contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodGroundbeef contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundduck contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundfish contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundmutton contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundpork contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundrabbit contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundturkey contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundvenison contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllyogurt contains 31 synonyms
ore:listAllmushroom contains 4 synonyms
ore:listAllsugar contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllgreenveggie contains 15 synonyms
ore:cropAsparagus contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedAsparagus contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrilledasparagus contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropBean contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedBean contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedBeet contains 2 synonyms
ore:cropBroccoli contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedBroccoli contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCauliflower contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCauliflower contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCelery contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCelery contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllberry contains 9 synonyms
ore:cropCranberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCranberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropGarlic contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllherb contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedGarlic contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropGinger contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllspice contains 4 synonyms
ore:seedGinger contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropLeek contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedLeek contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropLettuce contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedLettuce contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropOats contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedOats contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropOnion contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedOnion contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropParsnip contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllrootveggie contains 5 synonyms
ore:seedParsnip contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllnut contains 7 synonyms
ore:cropPeanut contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedPeanut contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPineapple contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedPineapple contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropRadish contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedRadish contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropRice contains 2 synonyms
ore:seedRice contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodRicecake contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropRutabaga contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedRutabaga contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropRye contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedRye contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropScallion contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedScallion contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropSoybean contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedSoybean contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropSpiceleaf contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedSpiceleaf contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropSunflower contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropSweetpotato contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedSweetpotato contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropTea contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedTea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTea contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropTurnip contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedTurnip contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropWhitemushroom contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedWhitemushroom contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropArtichoke contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedArtichoke contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropBellpepper contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllpepper contains 2 synonyms
ore:seedBellpepper contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedBlackberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedBlueberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropBrusselsprout contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedBrusselsprout contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCabbage contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCabbage contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCactusfruit contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCactusfruit contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCantaloupe contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCantaloupe contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropChilipepper contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedChilipepper contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCoffee contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCoffee contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCoffee contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCorn contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCorn contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCucumber contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCucumber contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropEggplant contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedEggplant contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrilledeggplant contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropGrape contains 5 synonyms
ore:seedGrape contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaisins contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropKiwi contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedKiwi contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropMustard contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedMustard contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropOkra contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedOkra contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPeas contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedPeas contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedRaspberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropRhubarb contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedRhubarb contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropSeaweed contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedSeaweed contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropStrawberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedStrawberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropTomato contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedTomato contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropWintersquash contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedWintersquash contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropZucchini contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedZucchini contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropBambooshoot contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedBambooshoot contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropSpinach contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedSpinach contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCurryleaf contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCurryleaf contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropSesame contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedSesameseed contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropWaterchestnut contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedGigapickle contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGigapickle contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPickles contains 3 synonyms
ore:seedKale contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropKale contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedWaterchestnut contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropAgave contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedAgave contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropAmaranth contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedAmaranth contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropArrowroot contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedArrowroot contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCassava contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedCassava contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropChickpea contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedChickpea contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropElderberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedElderberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropFlax contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllfiber contains 4 synonyms
ore:seedFlax contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropGreengrape contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedGreengrape contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropHuckleberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedHuckleberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropJicama contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedJicama contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropJute contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedJute contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropKenaf contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedKenaf contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropKohlrabi contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedKohlrabi contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropLentil contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedLentil contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropMillet contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedMillet contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropMulberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedMulberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropQuinoa contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedQuinoa contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropSisal contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedSisal contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropTaro contains 1 synonyms
ore:seedTaro contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropAvocado contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropBanana contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCherry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCinnamon contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCoconut contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodToastedcoconut contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropDragonfruit contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropLemon contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllcitrus contains 4 synonyms
ore:cropLime contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropMango contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropNutmeg contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropOlive contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropOrange contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPapaya contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPeppercorn contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPlum contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPomegranate contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropStarfruit contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropVanillabean contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVanilla contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropWalnut contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropGooseberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropAlmond contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropApricot contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropCashew contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropChestnut contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropDate contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropDurian contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropFig contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropGrapefruit contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropMaplesyrup contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPecan contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropPistachio contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodToast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPasta contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHeavycream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodButter contains 3 synonyms
ore:foodCheese contains 12 synonyms
ore:foodIcecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrilledcheese contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApplesauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApplejuice contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodApplepie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCaramelapple contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPumpkinbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRoastedpumpkinseeds contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPumpkinsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMelonjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMelonsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllsmoothie contains 27 synonyms
ore:foodCarrotjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCarrotcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCarrotsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGlazedcarrots contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodButteredpotato contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLoadedbakedpotato contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMashedpotatoes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotatosalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotatosoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFries contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrilledmushroom contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStuffedmushroom contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickensandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickennoodlesoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickenpotpie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBreadedporkchop contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHotdog contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBakedham contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHamburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCheeseburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBaconcheeseburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotroast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFishsandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFishsticks contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFishandchips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMayo contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFriedegg contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodScrambledegg contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBoiledegg contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEggsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCaramel contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTaffy contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpidereyesoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodZombiejerky contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCocoapowder contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatebar contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHotchocolate contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolateicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVegetablesoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStock contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodFruitsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpagetti contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpagettiandmeatballs contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTomatosoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKetchup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickenparmasan contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPizza contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpringsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPorklettucewrap contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFishlettucewrap contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLeafychickensandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLeafyfishsandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDeluxecheeseburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDelightedmeal contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOnionsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotatocakes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHash contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBraisedonions contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHeartyBreakfast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCornonthecob contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCornmeal contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCornbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTortilla contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodNachoes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTaco contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFishtaco contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCreamedcorn contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberrysmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberrypie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberrysalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberryjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatestrawberry contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeanutbutter contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllnutbutter contains 5 synonyms
ore:foodTrailmix contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPbandj contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeanutbuttercookies contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllcookie contains 8 synonyms
ore:foodGrapejuice contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodVinegar contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapejelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapesalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaisincookies contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCucumbersalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCucumbersoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVegetarianlettucewrap contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMarinatedcucumbers contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRicesoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFriedrice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMushroomrisotto contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCurry contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRainbowcurry contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRefriedbeans contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBakedbeans contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBeansandrice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChili contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBeanburrito contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStuffedpepper contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVeggiestirfry contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrilledskewers contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSupremepizza contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOmelet contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHotwings contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChilipoppers contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodExtremechili contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChilichocolate contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemonaide contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemonbar contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFishdinner contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemonsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemonmeringue contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCandiedlemon contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemonchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlueberrysmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlueberrypie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlueberrymuffin contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlueberryjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPancakes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlueberrypancakes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherryjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherrypie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatecherry contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherrysmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCheesecake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherrycheesecake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStuffedeggplant contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEggplantparm contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaspberryicedtea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChaitea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEspresso contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCoffeeconleche contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMochaicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPickledbeets contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBeetsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBeetsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBakedbeets contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBroccolimac contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBroccolindip contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCreamedbroccolisoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSweetpotatopie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCandiedsweetpotatoes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMashedsweetpotatoes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSteamedpeas contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSplitpeasoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPineappleupsidedowncake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPineappleham contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPineappleyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTurnipsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRoastedrootveggiemedley contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBakedturnips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGingerbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGingersnaps contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCandiedginger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMustard contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSoftpretzelandmustard contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpicymustardpork contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpicygreens contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGarlicbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGarlicmashedpotatoes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGarlicchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSummerradishsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSummersquashwithradish contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCeleryandpeanutbutter contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickencelerycasserole contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeasandcelery contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCelerysoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodZucchinibread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodZucchinifries contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodZestyzucchini contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodZucchinibake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodAsparagusquiche contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodAsparagussoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodWalnutraisinbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCandiedwalnuts contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBrownie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPapayajuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPapayasmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPapayayogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStarfruitjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStarfruitsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStarfruityogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGuacamole contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCreamofavocadosoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodAvocadoburrito contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPoachedpear contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFruitcrumble contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPearyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPlumyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBananasplit contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBanananutbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBananasmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBananayogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCoconutmilk contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickencurry contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCoconutshrimp contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCoconutyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOrangejuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOrangechicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOrangesmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOrangeyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeachjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeachcobbler contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeachsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeachyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLimejuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKeylimepie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLimesmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLimeyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMangojuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMangosmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMangoyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPomegranatejuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPomegranatesmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPomegranateyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVanillayogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCinnamonroll contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFrenchtoast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMarshmellows contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDonut contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatedonut contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPowdereddonut contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodJellydonut contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFrosteddonut contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCactussoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodWaffles contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSeedsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSoftpretzel contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodJellybeans contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBiscuit contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCreamcookie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodJaffa contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFriedchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatesprinklecake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRedvelvetcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFootlong contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlueberryyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemonyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherryyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberryyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapeyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolateyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlackberryjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlackberrycobbler contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlackberrysmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlackberryyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatemilk contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPumpkinyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaspberryjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaspberrypie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaspberrysmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaspberryyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCinnamonsugardonut contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMelonyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKiwijuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKiwismoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKiwiyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPlainyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodAppleyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSaltedsunflowerseeds contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSunflowerwheatrolls contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSunflowerbroccolisalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCranberryjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCranberrysauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCranberrybar contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeppermint contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCactusfruitjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlackpepper contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundcinnamon contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroundnutmeg contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOliveoil contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBaklava contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGummybears contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBaconmushroomburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFruitpunch contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeatystew contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMixedsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPinacolada contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSaladdressing contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodShepherdspie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEggnog contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCustard contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSushi contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGardensoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMuttonraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMuttoncooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCalamariraw contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodCalamaricooked contains 3 synonyms
ore:foodApplejelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApplejellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlackberryjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlackberryjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlueberryjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlueberryjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherryjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherryjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCranberryjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCranberryjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKiwijelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKiwijellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemonjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemonjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLimejelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLimejellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMangojelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMangojellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOrangejelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOrangejellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPapayajelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPapayajellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeachjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeachjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPomegranatejelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPomegranatejellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaspberryjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaspberryjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStarfruitjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStarfruitjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberryjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberryjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodWatermelonjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodWatermelonjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBubblywater contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherrysoda contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodColasoda contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGingersoda contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapesoda contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemonlimesoda contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOrangesoda contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRootbeersoda contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberrysoda contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllsoda contains 9 synonyms
ore:foodCaramelicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMintchocolatechipicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberryicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVanillaicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropEdibleroot contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGingerchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOldworldveggiesoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpicebun contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGingeredrhubarbtart contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLambbarleysoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoneylemonlamb contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPumpkinoatscones contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBeefjerky contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPlumjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPearjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOvenroastedcauliflower contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLeekbaconsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHerbbutterparsnips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodScallionbakedpotato contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSoymilk contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFirmtofu contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSilkentofu contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBamboosteamedrice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRoastedchestnut contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSweetpotatosouffle contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCashewchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApricotjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApricotyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApricotglazedpork contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApricotjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApricotjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApricotsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFigbar contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFigjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFigjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFigsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFigyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFigjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapefruitjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapefruitjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapefruitjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapefruitjellysmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapefruityogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapefruitsoda contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCitrussalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPecanpie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPralines contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPersimmonjuice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPersimmonyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPersimmonsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPersimmonjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPersimmonjellysanwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPistachiobakedsalmon contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBaconwrappeddates contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDatenutbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMaplesyruppancakes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMaplesyrupwaffles contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMaplesausage contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMapleoatmeal contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeachesandcreamoatmeal contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCinnamonappleoatmeal contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMaplecandiedbacon contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodToastsandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotatoandcheesepirogi contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodZeppole contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSausageinbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatecaramelfudge contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLavendershortbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBeefwellington contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEpicbacon contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodManjuu contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickengumbo contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGeneraltsochicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCaliforniaroll contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFutomaki contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBeansontoast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVegemite contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoneycombchocolatebar contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherrycoconutchocolatebar contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFairybread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLamington contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTimtam contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeatpie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChikoroll contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDamper contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBeetburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPavlova contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGherkin contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMcpam contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCeasarsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChaoscookie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatebacon contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLambkebab contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodNutella contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSnickersbar contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpinachpie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSteamedspinach contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVegemiteontoast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSalmonraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodAnchovyraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBassraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCarpraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCatfishraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCharrraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodClamraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrabraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrayfishraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEelraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFrograw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrouperraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHerringraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodJellyfishraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMudfishraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOctopusraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPerchraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodScallopraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodShrimpraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSnailraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSnapperraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTilapiaraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTroutraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTunaraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTurtleraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodWalleyraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHolidaycake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodClamcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrabcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrayfishcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFrogcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOctopuscooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodScallopcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodShrimpcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSnailcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTurtlecooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApplecider contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBangersandmash contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBatteredsausage contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBatter contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodchorizo contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodColeslaw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEnergydrink contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFriedonions contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeatfeastpizza contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMincepie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOnionhamburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPepperoni contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPickledonions contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPorksausage contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaspberrytrifle contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTurkeyraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTurkeycooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRabbitraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRabbitcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVenisonraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVenisoncooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberrymilkshake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatemilkshake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBananamilkshake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCornflakes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodColeslawburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRoastchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRoastpotatoes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSundayroast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBbqpulledpork contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLambwithmintsauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSteakandchips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherryicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPistachioicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodNeapolitanicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpumoniicecream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodAlmondbutter contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCashewbutter contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChestnutbutter contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCornishpasty contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCottagepie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCroissant contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCurrypowder contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDimsum contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFriedpecanokra contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGooseberryjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGooseberryjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGooseberrymilkeshake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGooseberrypie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGooseberrysmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGooseberryyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGreenheartfish contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHamsweetpicklesandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHushpuppies contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKimchi contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMochi contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMuseli contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodNaan contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOkrachips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOkracreole contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPistachiobutter contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPloughmanslunch contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPorklomein contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSalmonpatties contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSausage contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSausageroll contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSesameball contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSesamesnaps contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodShrimpokrahushpuppies contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSoysauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSweetpickle contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVeggiestrips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVindaloo contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApplesmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCheeseontoast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolateroll contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCoconutcream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCoconutsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCracker contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCranberrysmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCranberryyogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDeluxechickencurry contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGarammasala contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapesmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGravy contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoneysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodJamroll contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMangochutney contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMarzipan contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPaneer contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPaneertikkamasala contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeaandhamsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPearjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPearjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPearsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPlumjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPlumjellysandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPlumsmoothie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotatoandleeksoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodToadinthehole contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTunapotato contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodYorkshirepudding contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSesameoil contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHotandsoursoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodNoodles contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickenchowmein contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKungpaochicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoisinsauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFivespice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCharsiu contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSweetandsoursauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSweetandsourchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBaconandeggs contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBiscuitsandgravy contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApplefritter contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSweettea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCreepercookie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPatreonpie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoneybread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoneybun contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoneyglazedcarrots contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoneyglazedham contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHoneysoyribs contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodAnchovypepperonipizza contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocovoxels contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCinnamontoast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCornedbeefhash contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCornedbeef contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCottoncandy contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrackers contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCreeperwings contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDhal contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDurianmilkshake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDurianmuffin contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHomestylelunch contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHotsauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodIronbrew contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHummus contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLasagna contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemondrizzlecake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeatloaf contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMontecristosandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMushroomlasagna contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMusselcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMusselraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodNetherwings contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPizzasoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPoutine contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSalsa contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSardineraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSardinesinhotsauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTeriyakichicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodToastedwestern contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTurkishdelight contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCornedbeefbreakfast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGreeneggsandham contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpaghettidinner contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTheatrebox contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCookiesandmilk contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrackersandcheese contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickendinner contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBbqplatter contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodWeekendpicnic contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCorndog contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChilidog contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHamandcheesesandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTunafishsandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTunasalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrits contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSouthernstylebreakfast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChimichanga contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodClamchowder contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBreakfastburrito contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodButtercookie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSugarcookie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotatochips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBbqpotatochips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSourcreamandonionpotatochips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCheddarandsourcreampotatochips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTortillachips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChipsandsalsa contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChipsanddip contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCheezepuffs contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSurfandturf contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLiverandonions contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFortunecookie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDeviledegg contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMozzerellasticks contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGumbo contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodJambalaya contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSuccotash contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEggsbenedict contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFriedgreentomatoes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickenandwaffles contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotatoesobrien contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTatertots contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSmores contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodThankfuldinner contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSteakfajita contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRamen contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMisosoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOnigiri contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrilledcheesevegemitetoast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMonsterfrieddumplings contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSalisburysteak contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrispyricepuffcereal contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrispyricepuffbars contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBabaganoush contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBerryvinaigrettesalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTomatoherbchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPastagardenia contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFiestacornsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodThreebeansalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSweetandsourmeatballs contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPepperjelly contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPepperjellyandcrackers contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSaltedcaramel contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpidereyepie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCheesyshrimpquinoa contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBulgogi contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOmurice contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKoreandinner contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPemmican contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDriedsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrabkimbap contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFroglegstirfry contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrawfishetoufee contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHaggis contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickenkatsu contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolateorange contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFestivalbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFruitcreamfestivalbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPho contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBubbletea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDuckraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDuckcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodWontonsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpringroll contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeatystirfry contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotstickers contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOrangeduck contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPekingduck contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStuffedduck contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRoux contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCandiedpecans contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEnchilada contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStuffing contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGreenbeancasserole contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHamandpineapplepizza contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSaucedlambkebab contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCobblestonecobbler contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCrayfishsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCeviche contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDeluxenachoes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBakedcactus contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGarlicsteak contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMushroomsteak contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHotdishcasserole contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSausagebeanmelt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMettbrotchen contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPorkrinds contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCracklins contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChorusfruitsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodAkutuq contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCantonesegreens contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCantonesenoodles contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDango contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEarlgreytea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEggroll contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEggtart contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGreentea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeesua contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOystercooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOysterraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOystersauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSpringfieldcashewchicken contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSquidinkspaghetti contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSteaktartare contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSzechuaneggplant contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTakoyaki contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBaconpancakes contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlackpaella contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBlazingsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBriochebun contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickenpaella contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEpicblt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEscargot contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGlisteningsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGourmetbeefburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGourmetbeefpatty contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGourmetmuttonburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGourmetmuttonpatty contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGourmetporkburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGourmetporkpatty contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGourmetvenisonburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGourmetvenisonpatty contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGroiledcheesesandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGuiso contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodJelliedeel contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKalechips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodKohlundpinkel contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeatloafsandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMinerstew contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMobsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodNetherstartoast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPadthai contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodParadiseburger contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeanutbutterbananasandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeanutbuttercup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPinkel contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPitepalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSauerbraten contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSlimepie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberryrhubarbpie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTiropita contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRosepetaltea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPotatoskins contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChilidonut contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBbqsauce contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVanillacupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatecupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCarrotcupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRedvelvetcupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChilicupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeanutbuttercupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLemoncupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberrycupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMintcupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCoffeecupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSprinklescupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCaramelcupcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCherryslushie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPambitsbox contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStuffedchilipeppers contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSlimegummies contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatepudding contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBbqchickenpizza contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodQuesadilla contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMashedpotatoeschickenbiscuit contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCheesesteak contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBibimbap contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodShrimpcocktail contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSwedishmeatballs contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodNopalessalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeringue contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodApplesnow contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBakedalaska contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBerrymeringuenest contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodEtonmess contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeringuebombe contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeringuebrownie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeringuecookie contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeringueroulade contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMerveilleux contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBbqjackfruit contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBentobox contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTimpano contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFriedfeast contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMushroomketchupomelet contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMushroomketchup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodLycheetea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBaconwrappedchili contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodButtertart contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSeedenergygel contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickencordonbleu contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSundayhightea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBattenberg contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCucumbersandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSlawdog contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDandelionsalad contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPeanutsoup contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodVanillaconchasbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChocolatecoconutbar contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodStrawberrysouffle contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGyudon contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodShrimptempera contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodImagawayaki contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMochicake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMochidessert contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTaiyaki contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSalmononigiri contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodTunaonigiri contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFriedbolognasandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBolognasandwich contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRicepudding contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMusubi contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCassoulet contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodImitationcrabsticks contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMisopaste contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodDandeliontea contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRivermudcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGravlax contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCheesedanish contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodSchnitzel contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBratwurst contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBologna contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRaspberrymilkshake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPumpkinspicelatte contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRootbeerfloat contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodHotcocoa contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCinnamonbread contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFruitcake contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCornchips contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMarshmellowchicks contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodBbqchickenbiscuit contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChickenbiscuit contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodPizzaslice contains 1 synonyms
ore:bookshelfOak contains 1 synonyms
ore:bookshelfSpruce contains 1 synonyms
ore:bookshelfBirch contains 1 synonyms
ore:bookshelfJungle contains 1 synonyms
ore:bookshelfAcacia contains 1 synonyms
ore:bookshelfDarkOak contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockCandle contains 1 synonyms
ore:pressurePlateWood contains 6 synonyms
ore:shardGlass contains 1 synonyms
ore:stonePolished contains 1 synonyms
ore:plankStained contains 2 synonyms
ore:stoneBasaltPolished contains 2 synonyms
ore:stoneMarblePolished contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneLimestonePolished contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneBrimstonePolished contains 1 synonyms
ore:stonePermafrostPolished contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockPrismarineElderBrick contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockPrismarineElderDark contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreAluminium contains 26 synonyms
ore:pieceGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceIron contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAluminium contains 2 synonyms
ore:pieceAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceCopper contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceLead contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceNickel contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceTin contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceTungsten contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceZinc contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustArdite contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceArdite contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustCobalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceCobalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:pieceOsmium contains 1 synonyms
ore:piecePlatinum contains 1 synonyms
ore:clayPorcelain contains 2 synonyms
ore:dust contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedGranite contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedAndesite contains 1 synonyms
ore:crushedDiorite contains 1 synonyms
ore:flower contains 3 synonyms
ore:ingotFiery contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotIronwood contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotKnightmetal contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotSteeleaf contains 1 synonyms
ore:carminite contains 1 synonyms
ore:furArctic contains 1 synonyms
ore:lilypad contains 2 synonyms
ore:materialStarterCulture contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMelon contains 1 synonyms
ore:honeyDrop contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodGrapesPurple contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCocoa contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodApple contains 2 synonyms
ore:bottleCream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodYogurt contains 1 synonyms
ore:compressedStone1 contains 1 synonyms
ore:compressedStone2 contains 1 synonyms
ore:compressedGlowstone2 contains 1 synonyms
ore:compressedStone3 contains 1 synonyms
ore:compressedDirt2 contains 1 synonyms
ore:compressedDirt1 contains 1 synonyms
ore:compressedObsidian2 contains 1 synonyms
ore:compressedGlowstone1 contains 1 synonyms
ore:twigs contains 48 synonyms
ore:cactus contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockFiery contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreIronwood contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockSteeleaf contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreKnightmetal contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockKnightmetal contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAeonsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockQueensgold contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockDogbearium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockSinisterium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockNihilite contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockOrichalcum contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockPandorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockValyriansteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockFroststeel contains 1 synonyms
ore:jarHoney contains 1 synonyms
ore:itemSilicon contains 1 synonyms
ore:compressedObsidian1 contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetUnknown contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSmallAdamantite contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSmallAdamantium contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSmallAdamant contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreQuicksilver contains 25 synonyms
ore:nuggetQuicksilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustQuicksilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotQuicksilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyQuicksilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSmallQuicksilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:sprocket contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodFruit contains 16 synonyms
ore:candleWhite contains 3 synonyms
ore:listAllricecooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateClayRaw contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateClay contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateBrick contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialYeast contains 1 synonyms
ore:yeastBrewers contains 1 synonyms
ore:yeastLager contains 1 synonyms
ore:yeastBayanus contains 1 synonyms
ore:yeastEthereal contains 1 synonyms
ore:yeastOrigin contains 1 synonyms
ore:trapdoorCarpeted contains 16 synonyms
ore:bottleSplash contains 1 synonyms
ore:bottleLingering contains 1 synonyms
ore:book contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSmallAluminium contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreBauxite contains 25 synonyms
ore:blockBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSmallBauxite contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAluminumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAluminumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAluminumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAluminumBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:rodAluminumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorAluminumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAluminumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAluminumBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustSmallAluminumBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotAluminumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAluminiumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAluminiumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAluminiumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAluminiumbrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:rodAluminiumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorAluminiumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAluminiumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAluminiumbrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustSmallAluminiumbrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotAluminiumbrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockAluminiumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAluminiumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAluminiumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAluminiumBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:rodAluminiumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorAluminiumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAluminiumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAluminiumBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustSmallAluminiumBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotAluminiumBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAlubrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAlubrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:rodAlubrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorAlubrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAlubrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAlubrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustSmallAlubrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockAluBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAluBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAluBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAluBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:rodAluBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorAluBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsAluBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyAluBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustSmallAluBrass contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotAluBrass contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreChrome contains 25 synonyms
ore:blockChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSmallChrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockGalvinizedSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearGalvinizedSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetGalvinizedSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustGalvinizedSteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:rodGalvinizedSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorGalvinizedSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsGalvinizedSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyGalvinizedSteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustSmallGalvinizedSteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotGalvinizedSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorNichrome contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSmallNichrome contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockStainlessSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearStainlessSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetStainlessSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustStainlessSteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:rodStainlessSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorStainlessSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsStainlessSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyStainlessSteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:dustSmallStainlessSteel contains 2 synonyms
ore:ingotStainlessSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreWolfram contains 25 synonyms
ore:blockWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:doorWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:barsWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustTinyWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSmallWolfram contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneBasaltBrick contains 2 synonyms
ore:blockAmethyst contains 1 synonyms
ore:oreRime contains 1 synonyms
ore:blockRime contains 1 synonyms
ore:gemRime contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllghastraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodMeats contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllghastcooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodCongealedmagmacream contains 1 synonyms
ore:cropEnokimushroom contains 1 synonyms
ore:rocks contains 8 synonyms
ore:oreSteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:untannedLeather contains 3 synonyms
ore:listAllllamaraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllhorseraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllmuleraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAlldonkeyraw contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllllamacooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllhorsecooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAllmulecooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:listAlldonkeycooked contains 1 synonyms
ore:lumpsalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotGlowing contains 1 synonyms
ore:stoneBricks contains 16 synonyms
ore:fossilPiece contains 8 synonyms
ore:quartz contains 1 synonyms
ore:limestone contains 1 synonyms
ore:basalt contains 1 synonyms
ore:rennetSource contains 2 synonyms
ore:cropHops contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialWax contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialBeeswax contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialBeeswaxBlack contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialBeeswaxRed contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialBeeswaxBlue contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialWaxcomb contains 1 synonyms
ore:beecomb contains 2 synonyms
ore:materialHoneycomb contains 1 synonyms
ore:bottleHoney contains 1 synonyms
ore:baitFishing contains 2 synonyms
ore:foodGrapesGreen contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodGrapesRed contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodIceCream contains 6 synonyms
ore:materialStomach contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodOffal contains 1 synonyms
ore:materialCheeseCloth contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodChorusFruit contains 1 synonyms
ore:bottleMilk contains 1 synonyms
ore:bottleSkimmilk contains 1 synonyms
ore:bucketSkimmilk contains 1 synonyms
ore:bottleButtermilk contains 1 synonyms
ore:bucketButtermilk contains 1 synonyms
ore:bottleWhey contains 1 synonyms
ore:bucketWhey contains 1 synonyms
ore:bucketCream contains 1 synonyms
ore:foodRice contains 2 synonyms
ore:listAllRice contains 3 synonyms
ore:ingotAeonsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetAeonsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustAeonsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainAeonsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinAeonsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateAeonsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearAeonsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodAeonsteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotQueensgold contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetQueensgold contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustQueensgold contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainQueensgold contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinQueensgold contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateQueensgold contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearQueensgold contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodQueensgold contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotDogbearium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetDogbearium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustDogbearium contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainDogbearium contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinDogbearium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateDogbearium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearDogbearium contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodDogbearium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotSinisterium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetSinisterium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustSinisterium contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainSinisterium contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinSinisterium contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateSinisterium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearSinisterium contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodSinisterium contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotNihilite contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetNihilite contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustNihilite contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainNihilite contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinNihilite contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateNihilite contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearNihilite contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodNihilite contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotOrichalcum contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetOrichalcum contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustOrichalcum contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainOrichalcum contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinOrichalcum contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateOrichalcum contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearOrichalcum contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodOrichalcum contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotPandorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetPandorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustPandorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainPandorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinPandorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:platePandorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearPandorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodPandorium contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainGold contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainSilver contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotValyriansteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetValyriansteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustValyriansteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainValyriansteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinValyriansteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateValyriansteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearValyriansteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodValyriansteel contains 1 synonyms
ore:ingotFroststeel contains 1 synonyms
ore:nuggetFroststeel contains 1 synonyms
ore:dustFroststeel contains 1 synonyms
ore:grainFroststeel contains 1 synonyms
ore:coinFroststeel contains 1 synonyms
ore:plateFroststeel contains 1 synonyms
ore:gearFroststeel contains 1 synonyms
ore:rodFroststeel contains 1 synonyms
Press <Enter> to quit
